Netflix Error NW-2-5
You might see this message on your TV or TV streaming device when you try to open Netflix:

Netflix has encountered an error. Retrying in [X] seconds.
Code: NW-2-5

Error code NW-2-5 means your device took too long to connect to Netflix. This usually points to an internet connection problem on your device or home network.

Follow the steps below to fix the issue. If it isn't fixed after doing these steps, you'll need to contact your internet service provider (ISP).


1. Check your internet connection


2. Restart your device


3. Restart your home network


4. Move your Wi-Fi router


5. Set DNS to automatic (PlayStation/Xbox only)

Netflix Error ui-800-3
If the error code shown on your device also has numbers in parentheses ( ), search for that exact error code in our Help Center to get the right steps. Example: ui-800-3 (123456)

If the error code on your device shows only ui-800-3, it means information stored on your device needs to be refreshed, or a network issue stopped Netflix from opening.

To fix the problem, follow the steps for your device.

TV or TV-connected device

These steps can fix this error on your TV or a device that connects to your TV, like a streaming stick, media player, set-top box, or Blu-ray player.

Restart your device

Restart your home network

Sign out of Netflix

Restore your default connection settings.
Netflix Error tvq-pb-101
Check the error code on your TV. If there are additional numbers or letters inside parentheses ( ), search for that exact error code in our Help Center. There might be an article with steps that fix your exact error code.

This error happens when an issue with data stored on your device stops Netflix from playing.

To fix the problem, follow the steps for your device.


Smart TV


Restart your device


Sign out of Netflix

If you use a Vizio Smart TV and get this issue after following the steps above:


Contact the device manufacturer.